Update index.md (#9165)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/governance/index.md

While the specification and implementations development has always been fully open source, the formal processes used to propose updates described above weren't used. This allowed changes to be specified and agreed upon quicker by researchers and implementers.

> When the Beacon Chain merged with Ethereum's execution layer, the proposal EIP-3675 was changed from 'Last Call' to 'Final', cementing the 'Merge' as a completed proposal in the list of EIPs. This process to implement the 'Merge' finished September 15th, 2022 as part of the Paris network upgrade. (https://etherscan.io/block/15537393)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Beacon Chain merged with Ethereum's execution layer, the proposal [EIP-3675](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/3675) was changed from 'Last Call' to 'Final', cementing the 'Merge' as a completed proposal in the list of EIPs. This process to implement the 'Merge' finished September 15th, 2022 as part of the [Paris network upgrade](https://ethereum.org/en/history/#paris).
```
